There is no need to leave this kind of home.
Have a good meal tonight, have a good meal.
You still need to hold your mouth with both hands
By the way, I just said I was right
You shouldn't just turn it over without mercy
By the way, forgive me for what I missed
We have never beaten anyone before
I'm not worried about going back. That would be the best.
It's a formality. Why don't you go through it?
Just did a walk
You've already gone 100% to get the nuclear test delivered to you.
And I still want to twist your innocence like this?
You can now have the perfect
Stay in Fuji
Happily, I finally introduced you
Can't you see it?
He still has a little money
That brush board
What is your surgery?
It is the economy after my master, master
I'll meet together
I will still have one day
What my master means
It's a brush board
what do you mean you
I could really do something wrong
Actually, would you be okay if you were angry with me again?
I already said
if you don't know how to get around
He kicks me out now
This kind of work is really important to me
Let me tell you
Let me have an angry meeting with you
The happy death explosion unanimously is
I've already left and you still don't want to let me go.
Okay, I'll take you for real
thank you for thinking of you
Next week, the possessed design will be revealed.
Subscribe and you're expected to become possessed
design design equipment
Come on time with San
You call for the third one to come
I see
Then I'll go
Otherwise, it’s fine as long as you originally owed it.
Otherwise it's just us
Don't give him a villain